It's a very last show that we're going to do here with a lump in my throat is my honor
to tell you that Harmontown is now in social with a lump in my pants this thing has spent
a durable and reliable bar.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Wow.
What a welcome.
And thank you and goodbye.
Goodbye.
Right?
Let's do a show first.
We're doing one last show here at Meltdown, which has been our...
Rob Schwab!
What?!
Yeah!
Rob, an unheralded Rob Schwab.
He's rolling up his shirt sleeves like Roddy Piper is...
Pulling a spring steam!
He's doing a Popeye dance.
Hello, Rob.
Hello, Daniel.
Anyways, this was our birthplace in our home for five years.
Six years?
It says 2011 on what Camille pointed out was a shitty flag last week.
So six years, really.
Somehow.
It feels like 11.
I'm not joking.
It feels like...
Steve, never touch me.
We spoke about this before the show, Steve.
Don't touch...
Oh, you...
I can't hit you, Levy.
You just said not to do that.
I know.
Then you did it.
You did it.
I know.
We have a weird role-playing thing where I tell him one thing and he hugs me.
All right, so...
Oh, I thought very much, fucking nice bucket.
He's just dancing.
Oh, shit.
This shows...
You guys know that this isn't mostly an audio podcast, right?
We've been here for six years, Steve.
It's like the opening credits of Good Times over there.
So I tried to watch...
I started...
I watched the ring, too, tonight.
Only because I wanted to watch rings.
And I didn't want to...
It seemed stupid, but I was like, yeah, I didn't want to...
I was like, what did I forget?
I almost wanted to watch the last 20 minutes of the ring,
but instead I read the Wikipedia entry for the ring.
It was still confusing.
Is there actually a ring?
They call it the ring.
Is there only one ring?
Is there a ring in the movie?
No, there's...
Isn't it a tape?
Yeah.
You're talking about Lord of the Rings.
I was referencing that.
The ring is a ring of light that turns out to be...
At the end of the first movie,
turns out to be the view from the bottom of a well.
That's important because it's one of those horror movies
where you spend 90 minutes going,
ooh, creepy.
Mostly creepy because, ooh, why?
What's going on?
Why a lighthouse?
Why a horse?
And then someone, inevitably in those movies,
it's all fine and dandy.
When it's like buying on credit, you go,
okay, and she was a psychic girl
that lived under a lighthouse and killed horses.
Okay, the whole crazy movie makes sense.
It's a ring of light from a well.
End of movie.
Go home.
That was fun.
I liked how she crawled.
$450 million.
It cost $30 million to make or whatever.
So guess what?
Do you think anybody working on the second ring movie?
Anybody.
I don't care.
Katerer.
Anybody.
Do you think anybody was, like,
seriously plus this is going to be, like,
the better of the two ring movies?
Because we're...
I spent the whole time watching the ring, too,
saying to Cody, like, you know, this is awful.
Like, this isn't even bad for a ring sequel.
Like, I thought it would be bad,
but I thought it would be fun bad, like,
the relationship between sequels should be kind of like,
oh, the first movie's called, like,
Tap Dancing Cat, and then the sequel should be, like...
Did you think, like, you think, like,
the tape, there was going to be more tapes?
Yeah.
Like Hellraiser 3, they all would have been coming down the street,
like, coming after you, like, the tapes?
I thought they would do stuff, like,
yeah, they would dig in a little bit.
Like, the protagonist would work at a VCR repair shop.
Right.
Like, there are things.
So, it turns out, that's the third one.
Still a bad idea.
Yeah.
Like, I wrote Rings 3 while I was watching Rings 2,
and Rings 3 is still bad.
Like, if I had written it, still bad.
Did you ever see The Grudge?
I never saw The Grudge, because I figured it was the same.
I'm not, you know, it's like, it would be like,
Nightmare on Elm Street, and then doing, like,
Weekend at Freddy's.
Well, The Grudge is, there's,
correct me if I'm wrong, like, there's, like,
an apartment that there was a murder in,
or a home that was a murder in.
A murder of a girl that looks through her bangs.
Right.
And...
And who drifts.
And anybody that goes to that apartment,
gets cursed, and then...
So killed that their face is scary.
Yeah.
There's a through line of all the movies.
There's ring movies that don't have videotape in them,
but they all, somebody thought that the through line was,
was the scary face that,
what Cody and I were calling the EFF,
the extreme fear face.
What's her name?
Nan Tuckett?
Ashley Judd?
What's her name?
Winona Judd?
Judd Ryder?
Naomi Watkins?
She goes into an ambulance.
Judd Reinhold.
She recorded the tape,
so that she could save her kid's life,
and she, like, gives, ostensibly,
between the two movies, something they never address.
She must have grabbed a drifter,
or a cancer patient, or a prisoner,
and said, hey, watch this.
Bye!
And thereby saving the life of her child, Aiden,
which she pronounces with a Schrodinger's H.
Hey, Aiden.
Hey, is it Hayden?
I turned down the subtitles.
It's Aiden.
Why doesn't...
I mean, it's all the actress.
You turned down the subtitles to find that out?
Anyways, yes, I did.
You gotta turn them up.
You gotta turn those subtitles up
so you can hear that H.
I like to keep them at, kind of, a medium level.
I like the subtitles to be, kind of,
like, 50% percent.
So, but anyway,
did you know that they had,
they had grudge versus the ring?
Grudge versus the ring?
Yeah, somebody takes the videotape
to the grudge apartment
and plays the videotape in there.
Wait, is this at the end of the grudge?
Or is this, like, a different movie?
Is it a different movie?
Like, grudge versus ring?
Requiem?
Yeah, like, it just happened,
it just happened, like, last year.
They actually had the girl from the ring,
like, throw out the first pitch
at a baseball game.
Like, she's like, oh, like this?
And she's like, throw this out?
You can find it online.
But we should watch that
at our next Hangout,
grudge versus ring.
You know, I can't tell which part is a bit.
Like, I don't know what...
Did they do a grudge versus ring at all?
The part where you come to the Hangout.
Yeah.
That's the bit.
Yeah!
Oh!
Oh, freak out!
Dab, dab, dab, dab, dab, dab, dab.
Say, shake, to freak!
Anyways, it's just an available on Shutter.
It's only available on Shutter.
It's only available on Shutter, Dan.
It's only available on...
The guy from Big Bang Theory
is in the third ring movie.
And what is the guy from what?
The guy from Big Bang Theory.
The guy that's not the guy.
Francis Bang?
Yeah.
Is one of the characters named Bang?
Alright, I'm looking at this.
Hi, I'm gonna be big one day,
and this is my theory.
I was trying...
You guys all drive the same way over here, right?
Did you pass a building today
with a giant LED sign on it?
One of those standard red LED displays
that just says Frank Stallone?
No.
I really want to know what's going on in that building.
I kept looking back.
I was like, Frank Stallone, what?
Slept here?
Is it his birthday?
Is coming?
Owens this building?
Is driving an SUV?
Amber Alert?
Frank Stallone?
Keep going.
Was it a cafeteria for aliens?
And he's on the menu?
Do three more and we'll let you have the hook.
Is it his turn to get his driver's license?
Two more?
Is he...
That's one.
Was he the answer to a trivia question
in a jury pool waiting room?
I have the third one.
Does he know Mitch Hurwitz?
Oh, shit!
Oh, whoa!
Oh, yeah!
Yeah!
All right, let's grind this thing to a halt.
Do it.
No, no, it'll pick up now.
I couldn't hear. I missed the thread.
Mitch, we haven't seen you in a thousand years.
How are you doing, baby?
Is this how it's going to be all night?
I mean, I don't know.
I'm just saying we missed you. We love you.
It's good to see you.
Yeah, thank you. It's so nice to be here.
You internalize that in a strange way,
but my compliment still stands at the test of time.
You're what?
I'm on board.
Is this your last show?
Yeah, here at this location.
Sorry, he can't stick around. Let's hear from Mitch Hurwitz.
Good to see you.
Have you met Brandon?
You probably haven't met Brandon.
Well, just briefly coming in.
Great to see you.
Thank you. Just get closer to the mic when you...
Hey, Brandon.
He's in a combative mode right now.
He's a little combative.
I saw that. I'm edgy.
It's all right.
How's it going at Netflix?
Well, really good.
I don't know if you saw yesterday.
They used to say drop.
Now it's called dump.
They dumped 25 new shows.
Gross.
And they're dumping 13 more tomorrow.
So it's going to be...
Have you ever gotten...
Do you get this for your consideration packages?
Sometimes you open one.
And these days it's just a rabbit hole
of despair about peak TV.
There's Donald Sutherland's
in a Diamond Heist series.
And the studio that makes it
thinks you should bear it in mind
when you vote for the Emmys.
I've never heard of this fucking show.
On the audience.
You get a book of this big, heavy book.
Usually it's like in Loose Sight.
You take this thing that must cost $80.
Just put it gently into the wastebasket.
Yeah.
John Landgraf had, like,
you know, had raised
mild Twitter controversy
by saying the phrase peak TV.
There might be too much TV to enjoy.
There's too much TV to watch.
To know exists.
You feel like you're on an international flight.
You know, watching shows that you're just like,
is this in Canada?
And then...
And then you walk in and you're like,
I'm in the show and I don't even remember...
Like half of my friends here.
You know, I'm a big Bosch nut.
A lot of Bosch fans.
Heronimus?
Does he have a show on audience?
It might be Heronimus.
Fuck or die.
The Bounty Hunter?
Is that what he's doing?
There's a Bounty Hunter named Bosch.
I think it's a different Bosch.
God damn it.
The poster of a guy,
you know, like an older...
Is it I.T.89?
Bosch.
Season eight.
Four episodes.
Have you seen this show,
what's it called, Forever or Memorable?
Obviously not the latter.
Or Immortal or
A Long Time or Remember Me or
What's that?
Yeah, vinyl.
It's not vinyl, sir.
There's a wood or leather.
It was a material of some sort.
Who knows?
It's called like Memorable Forever-ish or something.
Welcome back, Connor.
The show is Highlander Without Swords.
It's just a guy that lives forever
and Judd Hirsch is like
his son,
biologically his grandpa.
He's poor.
Whenever he dies,
he wakes up in the Hudson River.
Because they couldn't...
He's immortal, but he can't just be immortal.
So he has to die and then his body
disappears and then he wakes up
in a river.
But he works at a pathology lab
because he wants to work closely
with death because he wants to
die.
So he wants to study it, which makes him
pretty handy at helping solve
sexy lady murders.
When the sexy lady
can't solve every murder by herself
as strong and as fierce as she is.
As little guff as she takes
from the department, this creepy immortal man.
Meanwhile, the writing room at river
is saying like, that's our
season-ender.
And at least it's a tiny river.
There's a show called River.
It's like watching TV in Canada.
It really...
And everything is shot in Canada.
It looks like America, but
the stop sign is perfectly round
in the background.
Whenever someone says
the police are coming, you're like,
the police are coming. That sounds like a rave.
They're like...
That's not a police siren.
That doesn't affect me emotionally at all.
It doesn't sound like anyone's in trouble.
It sounds like
the police are about to be handed out.
You know, the...
So you're dying? Why is this the last...
Maybe I missed that part.
I heard big laughs and I thought, oh god,
Dan's dying.
No, we're just...
We're going to move into
a different venue.
We found out the owner of NerdMelt Comics
is a big Trump supporter, so we said...
Fuck this shit.
Every comic book you buy
goes to ICE.
It goes to deporting Mexicans.
You may as well
be doing it yourself if you're really into...
You love comic books so much
that you might as well just say,
I hate Mexican people.
Anything by Garth Ennis? Double it.
It's like the more cool
and smart the comic, the more
Mexicans you're helping deport.
Hey, what about this Bill O'Reilly, man?
Huh?
Woo!
I know, man. How you doing?
We're back here in the dark.
It's a special Rob Schrab
Topical Corner moment.
Topical Corner!
Hey, hey, Spencer.
Hey, what's up?
Let's crack into this.
Well, you know, Bill O'Reilly
rubs a lot of people the wrong way.
Which way does he rub you?
Oh...
Did I say something clever or was it terrible?
He literally
rubs people.
The wrong way.
Say what you will about Bill O'Reilly.
I think it's very impressive that he's refused
to learn anything.
They keep giving him millions of dollars.
I've learned nothing.
Nothing is different. Everybody else is wrong.
Don't worry about me.
It's weird because he came off to me.
He came off so laid back.
It's weird
to find out that he was a tense overreaching asshole.
Do you draw any
comfort when you hear about these
old guys, the baby boomers
that have their little sexual
scandals? Do you ever in the back of your head
go, well, at least I thought
your dick's not working.
And you're kind of like, well...
As you know, I'm a sexual
harranger.
And we hate harassers.
Oh, okay.
Get in and get out.
Harrangers, we sort of stay on it, you know what I mean?
We cultivate it.
You put it in the work.
Say what you want about the work.
Maybe it's not for you.
But we're there every day
saying, I'm serious.
You look like...
My favorite beverage is hot chocolate.
I know I said it yesterday in passing,
but stay on it.
We tell you daily, Mitch,
please stop saying that.
I'm a harranger, I can't...
A sexual harranger is someone who stays
just on this side of the
lawsuit and legal line of harassment.
They're just... Absolutely.
It's a personality defect.
Hey, I just really enjoy working with you.
I know you do. And I can tell
you want to fuck me.
It's the craziest thing, although I will say
I go out of my way now
almost not to look at people
and talk... It is
very hard. Let me just make the case
from Bill's point of view.
And I don't know, maybe...
Maybe this won't be met with a lot of...
Hear him out, hear him out.
Hear me out. Especially you.
I'm not going to...
I'm not going to use the T word.
This story is why he's on Netflix now.
That's right. I'm doing
three episodes of Moon
that comes out. Three episodes
season one. Season two is just
two episodes.
I think
it is hard for us not
to comment on each other's
physicality. Like, I want to come out
and say, like, oh, a suit.
What do you mean suit?
Okay, all right.
It is so...
Wow. The goddamn wrangers.
Let it go.
Well, I just show up. I don't let it go.
I mean, I would have started with black, but that's...
That's all I see.
Race and then gender in that order.
Yeah.
Because I can let your race go if you're a man.
Well,
as you know, I'm sort of famously
colorblind, but
I'm not going to take any shit from some blue guy.
What?
What? Did I get it wrong?
Either way I lose.
From black to blue, the Brandon Johnson story.
Blue like meat.
Call me a motherfucking smurf.
I want to call the black and blue.
No, it's thrilling to see him go down.
And then you have to worry that you're just liking it
because you're just seeing somebody get there
come up and see, you know, you have to kind of...
And also kind of to travel about it.
But he's just so happy to see.
And it's just constantly frustrating that
they'd never learn.
I think what's maddening about the Trump thing
is you keep waiting for him to say like,
I'm just some old bald asshole.
We can't get over our feeling
that if you heap enough pressure
on that spot, we keep hitting the button
that is linked to shame
and there's a cord dangling.
It's just dangling. It's got tape around it
like that says, fuck you.
And we're just like, we just think,
put cinder blocks on the shame button.
Like maybe he doesn't know how orange he is.
This isn't unconstitutional
last time I checked with him.
What the uplifting thing for me on this one,
I haven't followed it that closely,
but it seemed like this was a thing
that only women did.
Like women just kept coming at him
and they finally fucking took him out.
Which is what you can't do to most people.
Like women actually got together
and took this dude down.
Well, because you saw him in the room
with the German Chancellor, Prime Minister,
President, what is she?
Helgevan Leader?
I thought she was in it.
He wouldn't look her in the eye.
Angela Merkel.
I recognize that.
She's kind of a dog, you know.
Like I think it really got to him
the idea of the tax march.
No, she's impressed. She's a little flat,
but she's okay.
It's hard to be a four
as a Prime Minister.
Oh!
I always think the thing to do is to
I always want to come out
because you know they're also
so homophobic and everything
to come out and just like,
for me to just come out and say,
you know, he sexually, well, like in the case of O'Reilly,
he sexually harassed me.
He was always talking about my ass
and just see if you can get O'Reilly to say,
no, that I definitely didn't do.
No, I definitely did not.
We're going to find out that Mike Pence
is a raging queen, right?
He's been just fucking sucking dick
with both hands his entire life.
From both ends!
From both ends? Hands!
Both, oh, both hands!
Both hands and both ends!
He's such a dick from both ends.
He fucking tops the bottom.
Mike Pence, our vice president
will suck your dick from fucking
top to bottom.
And that's the Mike Pence guarantee.
From the soup that is
your nuts to the
nuts that is the tip of your dick.
Metaphorically,
he will suck your whole dick.
Need someone
to help your balls and penis make sense?
Call the expert at Mike Pence!
But with the Bill O'Reilly thing,
you know, okay, it's better that
he not have a job than get
promoted, but at the same time,
there's like this bleakness in this post-Trump
landscape where we all know
about the polarization now, so we all know
that Trump got elected,
albeit by a minority,
but he got elected
even though, I mean, we heard
him say the worst things a president
theoretically could ever say, and so we now
know it's like there's this force field
type thing that pushes, like, classes
stronger than, for instance, gender
loyalty. Like, if you're
a woman that feels like you're
part of a disenfranchised
demo, it's like,
you don't feel united by
your ovaries to some rich bitch
in Manhattan. You feel actually quite
the opposite. That's what the tables are showing.
And I think
men always thought, oh, yeah,
but, and I think Democratic
men always especially thought, yeah,
but the ladies, the ladies
of, I mean, if you say something bad about the ladies,
they'll have no choice but to stick together.
I think, yeah, I think we all assume
that that would be the special interest
and it wasn't. It was much more like
a woman, I'm
white. It ended up being
the exited defy man. Oh my god, I never
noticed how white I am before
they started talking about what a woman I was.
Boy, I'm so alabaster, I love it.
But watching Bill O'Reilly get fired,
I just know
there's not a single person on the fucking
planet that's been flipped by this,
you know? It's
just as if he might as well have been
fired for saying Merry Christmas
instead of Happy Holidays. Yeah, well, I think most
people aren't flipped. I mean, I think
there's all sorts of proof that
you can show, you can
give people reasonable evidence and there's
all these studies that show, no, they just believe
what they believe is stronger.
Which, as a chimpanzee,
like, that's kind of admirable.
Like, that we have this skepticism,
but it's like, it's a gauge that it's like
if you could just put it on pause
and shit that matters. We have to be willing to,
you know, I don't know, I don't know that I would
pass this test. You have to be willing
to be able to be convinced of another.
Like, if somebody said to me, could
I convince you that
one race or one sex
is better than another, I might
say no. I mean, I might have that
liberal knee jerk, and
somebody who believes, you know, that the
earth is 5,000 years old may also
say no. Right. You know, they may say
no, I can't be convinced. Well, how many times
we all know we have that built-in hero gene
that's like, oh, you're supposed
to be adamant. You're supposed to stick
to your convictions. Yeah, you're supposed
to cross thresholds and explore, but often those things
are foisted upon you, and you're supposed to,
but what you're really supposed to do is defend
the honor of your integrity and all this
shit, and you're, it really is
just an emotional reaction. If somebody says
everything you believe is a lie,
you're kind of, it's not, we don't
call it an admirable characteristic. You go like,
okay, don't boss. Like, we
look at with admiration
upon the hero that goes like,
well, I'm a Sunni.
I'm not a Shia.
And I will never be a Shia.
It's like, you know, I mean,
it really is. It's like,
we all have these tribal things that even
having children, I
have found myself saying things about
like, oh, come on,
you know, buck up. I didn't
mean to, don't tell your mother. I didn't
mean to break your lip or whatever the
specific doesn't matter, but
that seems very
specific.
But, no, but
I mean, I've even found that I've wanted to say
things like, well, you're a herwitzer. Just give them
this little sense of identity that they have.
And then as I do that, I think, well, that's what's wrong
with the whole world.
But you can't really tell a child that you're no
better than it. You should cry
because you're
not special. I mean, how many times a
day or a week at least,
you're in a conversation with somebody that's
collaborating creatively and then somebody starts
to go, you know, here's the thing
though, like if, you know, people love
dogs and you're just like, you're
a better showrunner, for instance, if you
go like, I know where you're going with that, please shut the
fuck up. My writers can handle it. I'm not adding
a dog to the show because you watched
Frasier.
Is that what they did on that show? No.
I'm behind. I haven't. I'm just saying like
Spoiler. There's a dog.
You don't call that
bigotry against someone else's ideas,
but you're using the same
reflexive, kind of almost ignorant,
kind of like barbaric part of your brain
that defends your turds
and piss and eggs, all of which
are equal about you're like, that's where I poop, shit.
Gotta defend that. Gotta defend that.
People are always coming after it. Things that
you secrete, you're like
you're like sensitive about. You're like
I'm pooping and if somebody's
like, knock, knock, you're like, fuck off
and that's what you're supposed to do. That's my poop and piss.
You're not supposed to say, get in here, put
your finger in there and help that turd come out
or put new turds up there.
Mine are just as good as yours.
Keep away from my turds.
I really want to
I want to agree with that.
I'm just
But you're going to
kind of work on my way back to where it started
and I don't know what side I'm on there.
You can have my turds.
I think I'm okay with it. Don't foist your
turds on me.
You know what's possible? You know what I
brought up in a writer's room recently
and was instantly shot down
so I think I'm on to something.
You know
6 billion is a high number.
I remember
for a baker per year, yes.
So last show everybody, things are coming.
How much does a baker make?
That was always our test
of the rich people in the room. How much do you think
a baker makes? 200,000 a year? 500?
What's your guess?
What does a toaster cost?
$500? What do you think?
$450?
You know
having grown up watching things like
all the president's men and you see like
you know, we know it's Nixon
but you're watching these guys sort of
suss it out and you know
Haldeman knew? Higher.
Higher than Haldeman?
Erlichman?
You know, you're watching guy like
it's Nixon, you know, like
you know that experience?
That feeling.
This is almost like
like people who think that the
trade towers, the world trade towers
were an inside job.
World trade towers.
And I wasn't even in that town at that time.
Because the whole point was not to forget.
What did you do?
You immediately forgot.
You had two jobs.
I remember because it's 9-11.
He's so used to on Netflix not being able to
clear the rights to things.
He has to
yes, the multi-corporate
building structures that are
but anyway, I think
people are going to look back at us.
They're going to look back at us
and they're going to say
when everybody, whenever they brought up
you know, Russia interfered with the
elections and all the people on the right
would say they didn't touch the voting machines
and everybody on the left would say
yeah, no, we're not talking about the voting machines.
No, we're saying but they influence, absolutely not.
Those are state things.
I bet you they fucked with the voting machines.
I bet you people are going to see
these news stories
in 50 years and say
how come they didn't know?
How come they wouldn't know that?
What do we know about these folks?
Do we have enough
data to run a reliable
simulator of their
thinking the day they find out
we're voting by computer from now on?
And what would it look like?
Would it look like slot machines?
What would it look like?
Would it look like 95% chance
that Hillary is going to win?
He wins.
Everybody's shocked.
I can't believe everybody voted for Trump.
Anyway, I think it's a little
paranoid and it's a little conspiracy theory.
I'm with you too.
Why can't we even think about that?
People would be a lot more on board with that idea
than they have been.
I don't know.
I've seen a lot of people do stuff
weird style with computers.
There was this guy who died
in a car
and then they thought that they
cyber-terrorismed him.
And then
they turned out that
they didn't cyber-terrorism him
but they said if this
cyber-terrorism ever happened to someone
it would look exactly like this
and everyone's all like I guess it wasn't
this and that's what it is now.
I wouldn't have suggested it if I knew it was a night writer
but I think
I actually like it better as a night writer.
Anyways.
How are we coping
with our post-100-day
100 days doesn't matter.
It's exhaustion.
No, but I just mean ideologically.
Ridiculous.
Don't you feel the normalization setting in
the exhaustion where you're just like
I don't
I can't keep
being broken hearted anymore.
The healthy part of me wants to move on.
Moving on is called
normalizing.
Stopping the fight but then that's pretentious
because then you go I wasn't fighting.
What if I have a hanky on my face?
I wasn't doing anything badass.
But I'm not talking about
whether or not anything gets results or solved.
Hanky on your face.
Well that's what the modern warriors do.
Right.
But just like as an individual
where you think like
I've gone through this phase, through the phases of
okay that sucks
but good.
I guess I was kind of spoiled. I guess sucky things don't
happen and then it's all me, me, me
and then you go there. It's not about me and I'm gonna
I gotta do more stuff and
I'm gonna buy a gun and just in case
and I'll just
all this energy, energy, energy
and I've truly like the reason I'm confessing
it is because I want, I feel like
confession is better than keeping it a secret.
It's like I'm fucking exhausted.
Oh it's exhausting and you kind of hope, I mean I find myself
hoping boy I hope somebody's really
keeping track of all this.
Like you're trying to memorize all the stuff
to be outraged about.
Like we've already forgotten about
when he was acting like his own PR guy.
Yeah.
Like oh and that!
And it is
you do kind of
you tip your hat to people who are
staying on it
and you know somebody like Elizabeth
Warren I've just seen in a lot of interviews
she's just like unrattled by it. I mean in a way
you almost have to normalize it so that you can
deal with it. But there are people in this
country who because
they grew up with or work with
sociopaths in some degree
that they and they alone
are like very
either more frustrated or less frustrated
but in any case they're in a different plane of dealing
with this because I think what's happening is we're finding
out as most hospital
staff housing sociopath
which is virtually incurable because
they don't want to be cured and
here's the key. We
think based on our
reaction to shame
which is usually hardwired into us
because when your parents see at the top of a
stair and your big ass head
is going to take you down the stairs and they go
uh, Hurwitz no!
Because your parents probably called you Hurwitz.
They put this
I mean maybe that's even where some of the shame
comes from. My therapist calls it healthy shame
it's like cholesterol there's healthy shame
there's toxic shame. You felt
that there's nothing more you can do. Healthy shame
is like oh shit
I gotta be careful. My mom just got really upset.
My mom just got really upset. So
we, because we're built, we're hardwired
with that stuff, we believe
justifiably that
honesty has
this hugely important thing
like you draw a line down the middle of the road
and people are going to tend not to cross it
we think it's because it's like keeping
honest people honest that thing. Well there's a law
against this so I'm not going to do it. It's
our fear of shame
and people who are fascinated with serial
killers and werewolves and mafia
movies and things. We have a president now
who is like fascinating everyone.
Shameless. I mean he's just like he's going
like what do you mean? I
didn't eat the cookies and he says you have
cookies in your face and you show a video
there's the video of you eating cookies and he goes
that video is a real video that's like a cookie video
like I was like
you ate the video I was like I thought I was a cookie
then you ate the cookies I didn't eat anything
and it's just like he's not
lying in his head because there is no
end game it's not like
no it's just survival it's just like a naked ego
and all of us are finding out
that we're defenseless against that
but we have realized that shut up animal
that probably means you are
no if you have an urge to yell it out like that
you probably are defenseless
but I do think the rest of us are not
defenseless
Adam Goldberg
you have 11 seconds on stage
I said his name
Adam Goldberg
I just took up 4
of your second
21, square root of 5
we need one more another versus
I just think need a male voice on stage
finally we're getting
just a dude
can we get some masculine representation on the stage
Adam Goldberg nice to meet you
I'm the guy they hate so
you don't hate you we like you as an enemy
alright then I'm the distinguished
here's what I really
I really think it's not about being defenseless
I think we get
you can't help
you can't resist wanting
what happened
I think
they might be reacting to the fact that Adam Goldberg came on stage
and someone succeeded in just dealing
with it
that you just continued
you're just like I've got so much yard work to do
and I'm not going to let this stop me
Adam we have a lot of show tonight
cause it's our last show
let's briefly weigh in on how things are going in Goldberg
town
alright one I'm working with Endimol Shine
to sell a show so that's good
not really
I mean you can feel the
I'm not coming next week
which makes the one thing
the audience and I agree on
Adam Goldberg everybody
Adam Goldberg
that is literally playing off music
I am literally
playing you off
of the stage
and I will
continue to play
the song
until Adam Goldberg
is gone
and that's the end
of Adam Goldberg's
time
he's still on stage
because he doesn't
pick up on social issues
no I don't
I miss him all
and I'd like to thank you for taking part in
even when the song's over
alright Adam
it would be a crime
he belongs up here
for some percentage of the show
let's make it as little as possible
like what do you call it
a fecal implant
I thought that's what you were going to say
I didn't know what you were saying
but in other words it can promote
it can promote health in the body
is it a fecal implant that you go when someone's already in the room
or do you knock before the fecal implant
it's good for you
you know what I mean
alright Adam
the extent that
capitalism was a system
where a lot of people suffered unnecessarily
I feel like we're going to macro
yeah probably
electing the stupidest, most hateable person
to the head of the system
allows people to organize and say
wait all these things that are wrong
are still wrong and the best they can do
is someone who has holes in his brain
the oldest, dumbest, fattest president
that's ever been elected
I don't know if you were so healthy that we were ready for that lesson
I don't think so
there was a fatter president
Iron man needed to have his thing ripped out
ourselves were really small
and he was a supreme court justice
I will say that if you really
if you compare it to Bush
it was much worse with Bush
in other words it will be worse with Trump
but it hasn't been yet
and if you really, like we just didn't know
what was coming with Bush
but if you think of that moment
you will never have a moment as satisfying
someone as a fool as the my pet goat
you will never have that with Trump
it would be such a victory
he was reading I had the Goats
when the trade centers of New York
when the two match
the identical skyscrapers
the matching towers
alright Adam
I'm just saying
give and take
sorry
I've only voted like five times
and it was in a swing state
Rob's about to come up here and do a straight up improv workshop
about give and take
yes
so I told him to run
when I was at his third wedding whatever it happens
but the point is
the DSA of Los Angeles
has doubled in size since the election
so people are fighting
against the system that's just taking
taking taking from ordinary people
and having the worst opposition in the world
a cartoonish failure
that's everything wrong
you have to stop just enjoying
what an idiot he is
because then it becomes tribal
and people that support him just
they get more from you
and to care about them
I think maybe all minus one
of the marches that have happened downtown
and the signs are hilarious because he's easy
to make fun of and he looks stupid
and he says dumb things
and he's very quotable because he says
like bonkers shit all the time
it's fun to ridicule this guy
and it's kind of this weird palliative
like placebo that we take
and go oh he's ugly
and he has any with the hair is crazy
and he's orange
no he also has hired monsters
it's too easy just to make him
the butt of a joke
but I think it's something way more fun
it's the argument for normalizing him
the argument for normalizing him is
to say okay we're going to let go of this thing
because it's not convincing half the country
and we're going to focus instead
on these corrupt policies and these corrupt people
and we're going to do it from the position
of we don't want Americans to suffer
because that's what's going to happen
62 people have more than
I hate to even include you in this group
but 62 people
61 excluding Dan
have more net worth than
the other half of humanity
it's crazy
it's not a contest
so we should kill Dan Harmon
is that what you're saying
big great final episode
if we're going to conclude the season
there's no fair way to do it
but I create jobs
you're a job creator
there's a guy that feeds my fish
yeah now he's
I have a dog sitter
you want me rich
he trickles down
a guy pretenses a dog
because you hate dogs
but you like people
but I just want to say
the thing is
Adam Goldberg
thank you Brandon
wow
let's bring up Dave Kline
get the fuck on stage
final episode
getting some Dave fucking Klein
yep
can we get a collective fuel
where are you going
god damn you smell good
I'm pitching something
y'all can't smell him
but he smells like a million bucks
some of that might be imperative
Dave Kline, one of our favorite harmonians
welcome
let me give a shout out to Dan Harmon
to this beautiful space
to this church of the abyss
that we all come to on a Sunday night
back in the day when I was laying it down
on the east coast with my boys getting grimy
smoking an L
listening to Harmon with some real grime bags
that never heard of a community
I hear the voices you come out to LA
I meet a beautiful woman
my first day out here
I'm living
yo I ain't swimming
I'm just swimming in one
I found the one that's gonna make a ton
of love, of yurps
of all good times
she introduced me to yoga, introduced me to my mind
she got all the shit
she came a quiz, she got all the body
and she got all the shit that you want
and your partner, especially that she listen
now get in the back
cause we gonna get crispy
crispy
Dave Kline everybody
just a
final shout out to Harmon
and the crew of creeps on the right
and just I want to say to Harmon, your beautiful man
we love you very much
seriously, thank you
we hope a lot of us, this space is gonna miss you
and I just want to say
yo yoga and meditation
Dave Kline everybody
everybody
that's how you do it
oh shit, Ryan Ridley's here
Ryan Ridley
to cleanse the palate
hey
hi, you guys doing a podcast here?
ah
hey Mitch
hey
is that how you hear me?
is that what I sound like?
no, no, no, no, ok stop it Dan
stop it, let him talk
well I have mixed feelings because
I'm hurt
by the insult, but I feel like
well it's a laugh of recognition
they know my voice well enough
to know when it's being mocked
exactly, so I'll take it
alright
I love when nerd eat nerd
but you do other voices, can you do like
like a macho
I could do
can I butch it up, is that what you're asking?
yeah, you know when I'm at a date
you know when I'm at a date I start to take it down
a few
that's a volume, it's volume related
how's the dating life going Ryan?
you're my most single
how single?
I just mean you're the guy I know
the most
that does the most tindering
and bindering and bumbling
don't try to act shy when your ass is on tinder already
not the most desperate, just the most
active is what you're saying
yeah, it's alright
Cody introduced me to a term, what's it called?
dinks
introduced me to I8
she didn't coin it, she's heard it from one of her friends
but it's like
she almost killed Spencer
dinks is a dual income
no kids, it's like couples that have opted out
of the whole biological
perpetuation of this
experiment
you go to
a dinner with another couple
they had to get a sitter and you're like
we got the crumb relay and they're like dinks money
it's like being a gay couple
there's nothing but
income
I'm not saying gay people can't
adopt and settle down and go broke themselves
I'm an advocate
of them doing that
so Ryan
are you asking if I hope to become a dink
or if I'm looking for
I just want to know what adventures are going on
you're the guy that I run into
I go what's going on and then you go
I swiped left instead of right and then this
person came and had a hockey mask
you'll like this
here we go
alright
has anyone ever heard of a little dating app
called RIA
I got on it
wait
that's the one for famous people
you have to be
you have to be kind of famous
the fact that only you know even what it is
means it's special
it's working
it's an exclusive
dating app
for attractive
idiots in LA
and the world over
none of this adds up
what you're asking
I'm not asking
you got to tell them what it really is
you got to use the full description of what it is
how would you describe it
it's a dating app that's secret for famous people
and this motherfucker just gave it away
which means you're not going to be honest tomorrow
listen
you can know where the palace is
but you're not going to get over the boat
but that's awesome because that means
that you had enough famous people to rep you
because
you got to get other famous people to rep you
so you can get
yes
shut up
there's only two guys on it
it's Ryan and Seth Green
so who are you dating now
can I explain
counter to Brandon's theory
I applied
I was put on the waiting list for
at least a year
most of my people didn't have to wait
I was
whining and complaining
you couldn't spend a year going out in public
and being interesting to women
come on
obviously I did that too
obviously
make your case
if Max Landis dies
we'll call you
you know Max Landis is on that shit
they don't say anything
so I broke out my greatest tool
yeah which is Max Landis
I googled the customer service number
and I complained that I wasn't on yet
and the next day
I was approved
so famous
wow
talk about famous
your mom bought these
cool points for me
super famous
you're famous for being the best HR troll
of all time
who was the customer service rep
was it like a game show
host or something
are they all famous
season 2 of the real world
they didn't respond
can we go through what that call was like
hi it's Ryan Ridley from Family Guy
what is he
hello
this is Ryan
this is Ria
I'm also on Family Guy
and
we're calling
about your trouble ticket
it was empty
but we're calling you back
Rob are you playing me
no no you're playing you dude
this is quality control
your call is being monitored
by me
Max Landis
I'll be listening
I want the opportunity to have sex
with famous women
so fame is an important quality
I get it
it's intoxicating
aren't you worried that you'll be like
forgive my language for a moment
I'm on this call
it's like a money python sketch
excuse me
Ryan Ridley is on the phone
what are your qualifications
you want to be talking to some famous women
you want to be sexing up the famous women
alright well let's hear it
I'd like to do
but I am on this side of the phone
aren't you worried that
partway into your
scoring with a famous lady
I'm assuming that's how it works
you're going down
on a famous woman in bed
you just hear her going through her phone
up above
well let's make sure he's famous enough
I feel Carrie
what does a blue asterisk mean
and you're like
I'll be exposed
you'll go on the date
I guess my metaphor is
you'll go on the date and during the conversation
doesn't it circle the area
so how are you famous
but then you'll say
famous people would never say that to each other
they just probably think
oh you're like
did you go on dates with famous people
oh shit I'm with the girl from full house
oh
oh shit he thought too long
I have not
just give initial
I have not been on one date
thank you
that's terrible
that's awful
do they have angled swipes on Rio
where you're swiping this way
because they're not famous
they're famous
but they're ugly
it's like upper left
up lower right
it's called ria
ria
okay because it's kind of like diarrhea
okay go ahead
r-a-y-a
I dated Eve Plum
when I first came out here
she was the middle child on the Brady Bunch
and I almost pathologically
did not bring up the Brady Bunch
just like everything else I could think of
to talk about
and then at one point
we were at a place called Coyote
which is now, I forget what it's called now
but anyway she
I was talking to her and then she said
I'm gonna use the restroom and as she walked away
I realized I just said Jan
I think I said
do you know where the restroom is Jan
and she said yeah I'm fine
oh Jesus Christ
did you
I never found out for sure
but then I thought it would be funny to just be like
well your dad's an architect let me ask you a question
I was
completely confused
just make it like a syndrome
but it just was
you don't want to go out with that famous person
it's just like a ghost hanging on you
how Eve was her plum
you'd be surprised at how ineffective
a line like that is with someone like Eve Plum
or an audience
and she sees that stuff coming
she swats it down
without having the technology
of Raya, how does one like us
meet a famous woman
how did you do it?
I would just call her for you
he was at my level when he dated Eve Plum
that's what I'm trying to do
I'll call her, she's 60
but I'll call her for you if you want to
how did you meet her?
a friend of mine said
hey I'm friends with Eve Plum
from the Brady Bunch
he said you want to go out with her
and I did
and actually I felt really bad about it
so you have that to look forward to
but I did, I really was like
she was kind of interested I think
and I
just was aware that I'm into this
for all the wrong reasons
so someday I can be on
a prime time television show
talk show with some famous
anyway I thought I'd tell it
but everybody in some way
it's funny out
didn't pan out
it dribbled out
20 years, 30 years later
when you got on
when you were calling up
customer service and going
I demand to be on this
I demand, I demand
stop locking up your women
I know they're in there
I deserve one
what is your dream life
everybody on your site
I'm not going to deny that any of this was in my head
what woman
were you hoping, give me a name
give us like your
Alyssa Milano
oh god it was Alyssa Milano
I wasn't, look at him
oh my god
I didn't have anyone in mind
but as I swipe
through I was like whoa her
from that one thing
who's guys number 4 you get on
it's like I said
would you like to date Alyssa and Hannigan
yes I would
that'll be $5 in proof of fame please
you can preview her
but you can't have a
fulfilling relationship with her
you must have had some kind of scenario
you were picturing Dame Judy Dench
you had something in your mind
you had something in general
in age range
some proportions
maybe something in trauma
not comedy
but also somebody so famous enough
to be on the site
good looking enough for you to be attracted to her
but also on a dating site
for famous people
damaged enough
am I damaged?
maybe she's just been hurt too many times
she wants to try new things
I'm not going to mess around this time
I just want somebody famous
you know
happy hurt again
if I could just get
just an X teen star
maybe a drummer
is going to rehab
I've been too shallow
adult swim writer famous
that's what I want
just that level
he got me right where it hurts
now is it true Ryan
I heard this from somebody
that dating apps
do you have to be
I think I heard this on S town
whatever it's called
yeah
we can call it shit down
whatever we want
it's another podcast that's ripping us off
another podcast where 11 guys get drunk
and jabber for 2 hours
it's not far from that
but anyways
the idea
you can't
for the duration that most people are single
it's sort of like gym membership
in that
if you only sign up
for dating services
whatever you want to call them
for the amount of time
that you're single
and then you immediately pull out of them
as soon as you have a thing happening
that makes you oh I don't need this anymore
and then re
just the time
it makes you permanently
ineffective in those zones
that it's like people are thinking about that
that way now
I don't want to pay the membership fees again
but it's also sort of like rhythmically
you'll circle the drain
forever without going in it
I guess in this metaphor going into a drain is good
it's beautiful
at some point you have to shit
or get off the pot and that's a beautiful sentiment
you're really moving forward
I'm ready to take that shit
the tragic thing
is that you can't
I think kids today are encountering the fact that
they can't shut down
all of their electronic
tendrils just because
they got into a meaningful relationship
because it's almost like this
worse thing than even a prenup
where it's like you have to admit to yourself
and the world that well
but I still have this pool
of like I still have this inbox
I mean when most people stop dating
they get serious in a relationship
they're really giving up two other opportunities
you know what I mean?
there's that other woman at work
but she's married
oh and then there's the woman who brings us the lunch
but you know and it's like
no this is the one
here's what I'm saying
I'm saying that
we went from
oh you have to be in a bar
and run into somebody physically
like we remember when computer dating started
and we were all like
computers play in matchmaker
now these kids it's almost weirder
when you like
when you run into a couple that met
in a library or a bar or something like that
it's more common that oh there's the name of an app
comes out of their mouth
how did you meet
but I'm wondering what the
if it's all good or if it's like the darkness
part of it is that it's like
it's a good thing for sex and sexuality
to be demystified and monogamy to be
that it's like well hey you know I got a little
barbershop open it's like
yes you're my favorite customer
place is still open I tell everybody
it's gonna be three hours
like
but that three hours could be a year
you know what I mean it's like
we're coming from a world where it would be
offensive for the place to be open
but we have to now break it into
these kids have to break things into waiting rooms
because if they pull out
of Tinder tomb blur or whatever
they get back into it
and they'll find it because
it's 9-11
they were celebrating
yeah this was
that mosque this was the mosque
that was celebrating
I mean Mitch Mitch you must be
talking about the world trade towers going down
that's what they're called
hey Ryan Ryan Ryan
what's this
he doesn't know what they're called
well I knew one of them
was called but I just couldn't remember the other
you forgot that there was a central
centralization of two things
alright
do you guys want to just take one look at
you know what Dustin Marshall is
he's a producer
you know I always make fun
we're dressed like Beetlejuice
and he's like black
he's got a little black music cap
I guess he defeated the ball rock
or got defeated by one
so now he's
he's leveled up I think
because he used to
notoriously the only thing white he ever
wore was the headphones that he would always have
but now he's dressed like a hotel
room couch
is he back there now
Dustin Marshall
show yourself
Dustin Marshall is not back there
oh here he comes
yes
no no you don't have to
we just want to look at him that's all
he can promote some
feral audio things
yes
so it's our last show at meltdown
it's like half a decade
you look like you might be able to sell me
some really good molly
I can find you some
we have a show
kind of live in the dream because we are always
talking about starting our own space
and we started a live streaming company
with our friends Kevin Day and Kris Boruffff
they made this state of the art
live streaming service for us
we own everything
but we have a show next Friday
there's two shows next Friday at our new venue
Duncan Trussell is doing a stand up show
Thursday
and then feral audio
and the be here now network which is like
Rom Doss's people
we're putting on a special show where it's like
we're putting on a special show
that
that microphone was my
Rom Doss ain't no joke
but
it's uh
oh my god
I don't think this is even on
oh shit
you made the right call leaving this one off
the jury is still like is Rom Doss a joke or not a joke
Rom Doss ain't no joke
no joke
first rule of improv is you know
I don't know, be here now.
So it's gonna be funny, it's gonna be funny.
He ain't no joke though.
Duncan Trussell and I, like years ago,
Duncan Trussell is very like,
even before I moved here, you know,
he was very informative in getting me
into like Alan Watts and Rom Doss
and we're really trying to like,
the spiritual community are so cool or like, cool as shit.
So we're putting on a show at this awesome venue,
Starburn's Castle.
It'll be Duncan Trussell,
Kate Verlant and Chelsea Peretti,
talking to Sharon Salzburg
and a bunch of people from the Rom Doss community.
So definitely get tickets now.
There's a bunch of surprises lined up too.
As I'm led to believe, this new show is no joke.
It is no joke.
Rom Doss is no fucking joke.
But yes, thank you, Dan.
All right, Justin, the white.
Justin Marshall!
Ferrellaudio.com.
Go to ferrellaudio.com.
Follow your heart.
Damn, Dustin's trainers are white.
Got some white trainers, it's all clean.
He's not wearing those piss wipers.
When I was a kid on the playground,
did they call them piss wipers, Brandon,
when you were on the grade school playground?
No.
It was like when the 80s craze.
What's a piss wiper?
You were supposed to wear like,
your Jordans and stuff.
So if you had regular Chuck Taylor's,
particularly like the white canvas ones,
those were called piss wipers
because they would turn kind of yellow over time.
Because you pissed on them?
Yeah.
I'd never heard that.
Don't look at me like you hate me.
Look at me with...
Look at him like you want to go over to his place
and watch Grudge.
Do you guys know that dating at piss wipers?
You just like, you just...
Are you saying like from one pisser?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm actually too famous to get on piss wipers.
Yeah.
No famies.
Hey, Ryan.
What's the sexiest date you've ever been on?
Music, music, music, music.
Here we go.
Walk us through it.
Oh, I don't want to do this.
Hang on.
You don't have to give names.
I'm not comfortable with my sexuality enough
to describe this.
I'm uptight.
Well, tell, wait, I got one.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
No, no, no, no, I don't got one.
I mean, tell us the sexiest date in your mind,
what you'd let your fantasy date.
That's what I meant.
The perfect date for Ryan Ridley
for those ladies who want to become famous
so that they have access to it.
Here we go.
We now take a view.
This is an incentive.
Sometimes the ladies are like,
why would I even want to be famous?
I already have too much attention
from a horrible culture of men.
Get ready for it.
Why not just sit here and be nervous
every time there's a knock at the door?
I'll tell you why.
Why you should get out there.
You might get famous, then you can date this guy.
That's a little piss wiper.
So here's your description of the perfect date.
Perfect date.
Can I get a location from the audience?
That's a date.
All right.
The standard.
I thought the standard was good.
Wait.
The standard, but it's upside down.
The standard.
I heard Pasadena.
Okay, we now take you to a date with Ryan Ridley
at a hotel where they're so cool
they write their name upside down.
It's the standard.
Can I get a famous woman from the audience?
Clearly not.
I thought you were gonna
Marlo Thomas.
The girl from the ring.
Marlo Thomas?
Did you say Marlo Thomas?
Yes, I did.
All right.
But Ryan, you have to pick for our purposes.
You have to pick.
You didn't even pick the place.
You're gonna pick the-
I'm not a good improviser.
Oh my God.
Damn.
What the hell am I supposed to say?
Pick it, man.
Pick a place.
I don't want to.
I don't want to put you on the spot.
Pick a lady.
Pick an actress that you've never been out of fantasies about.
How about one of the women?
I haven't seen it, but one of the women from Hidden Figures.
Oh.
Or is that the right one kind of fame?
The one in the wheelchair?
No.
No, no, okay.
Let me tell you something.
Yeah.
Because of what I know,
they're very, very impressive women.
Absolutely.
And they've sort of taken a backseat in many ways.
You should be so lucky.
How about this one?
Yeah, you should be so lucky.
I haven't seen it,
but it sounds like they're really special.
Yeah, you should be so lucky.
How about that woman that hangs out
with Dog the Bounty Hunter?
How about her?
First of all.
Was she a Hidden Figure?
Was she hidden in something?
I just want to say,
you don't have to do improv.
I wasn't asking you to reenact the team with a famous one.
I'm saying,
in your mind,
like if things were going perfectly,
what would happen from the moment you start getting dressed?
Be it?
And you're putting on your favorite belt?
I don't have to try for a laugh.
You're saying you're giving me permission to just be earnest.
It's gonna be funny if you're earnest.
No, no.
Is what I've learned,
it's not my prediction for you,
is what I've learned.
Why am I a joke to you?
Everyone's a joke to everyone.
If you're, I'm saying the royal you,
if you're earnest, it's gonna be funny.
Yes, you know that.
You know what I'm talking about.
All right, so Ryan, Ryan.
What would you really, like as a guy,
now you're in the scene,
like all I can think about is getting home to Cody.
It's a very specific thing,
because now I'm in it and I'm like,
I'm in the chrysalis, as my therapist calls it.
I just want to go home and watch fo-fi,
and it's forensic files.
We don't have time.
I just lost my boner for a thousand years, fo-fi.
But.
That's how hairbillies refer to the president.
We don't kick into that, we're fo-fi.
Woo!
I want to hear about this magical date.
I just like to take a lady out
and have a nice conversation over a drink, man.
Well, go slower and start at the beginning.
It's 7.30 p.m. and put it on your belt.
And Zac McKeever has a sexy beat for us up till now.
Zach, Zach, put a beat on before you get beat on.
Huh, who said that?
Thank you, Adam.
Adam, if anything, I feel closer in status to you
than I did to anybody else up here.
Thank you.
You're now on a date with Adam.
You're on a date with a sexy lady.
All right, you're putting on your belt.
Yeah, putting on my belt.
I mean, my belt will probably already be on at 7.30 p.m.
I've been wearing it all day, but.
You're doing great, keep it up.
I would, I probably put on fresh deodorants.
Great.
Wash my face, put on fresh moisturizer.
Your belt's already on in your-
At 7.30 p.m. I've been at work all day
and I came home and I, you know, barely,
because, you know, you kept us right until about seven.
So, it's part of your fantasy.
I could have gotten hit by a train.
It doesn't, you might, but maybe that's-
In this fantasy, there's a season four.
That's the biggest part of this fantasy.
Coming in 2020.
I'm going to take a woman on a date again.
All right, my burner just came back.
I've said to you, I said at 6.00 p.m.
I said, usually we work longer than this.
But Ryan did such a good job today.
Ryan has checked Marlowe Thomas' IMDB page 12 times today.
He's excited.
Let's get him out of here.
Let's all go home.
There's nothing left to do because of Ryan.
And then you skip home on a cloud of lightning.
Okay.
Yeah, and so I already said I put on fresh deodorant.
You know, I'll probably change into my nice shirt.
Robocop.
Because the ideal date-
Low-hanging fruit, Rob.
Low-hanging fruit.
Hey, hey, I'll go for whatever fruit I can get.
Are you going to pick her up?
Or is she coming?
Are you going to meet her?
Traditionally, on a first date, you
meet someone at a location.
What's your fantasy?
Either equidistant, oh, then in my neighborhood.
She's coming to you.
Yeah, even if she doesn't call her city, then yeah.
Is she coming to your door?
You want to meet her?
No, no, no, that's creepy.
On a first date, that's very creepy, dude.
Neutral territory.
Where do you want to meet her?
You want the woman you'll see?
Are you wearing?
Are you wearing meundies right now or not?
Absolutely.
It's all I wear, bro.
100%.
Where do you want to meet her?
Free commercial.
You know, a nice bar restaurant.
Are you saying be specific?
Yeah, be specific.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What am I getting the Jesus Christ from this guy for?
I don't know.
Let's get this guy up here.
There's no wrong.
He's Jesus Christing me.
He's right.
You don't have to worry about that.
You're on a fantasy date.
This is your date.
This is your date, Ryan.
Where do you want to meet her?
This lack of math.
You could make a place.
A setting.
You could make a new place up that doesn't exist.
Everybody talk at the same time.
Even the audience.
Studio 54.
Thank you.
Ah, freak out.
All right, son, I can't.
Welcome to 1985.
Is it Eliza Minnelli?
Because as a little boy growing up in the 80s,
I knew that was the place where people got laid in public.
All right, so you're OK?
Is that your fantasy?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me.
Hey, only famous people could come into Studio 54.
How famous?
Let me see your credentials, sir.
Hey, you don't have to take that.
Excuse me, sir.
I'm from Variety.
My camera just broke from his fame.
Well, excuse me.
Allow me to take the velvet rope off of there.
And you can come right in, sir.
Come in, sir.
Sir, you're coming in.
Come in now.
Don't drink that water.
Get in here now.
Thank you for letting me take your picture.
I'm sorry, my camera wasn't good enough.
Sir, here's your complimentary mirror and Coke straw.
Enjoy yourself tonight.
It's good for you.
Cocaine, 80s.
Hello, sir.
In accordance with new house rules,
you have been presented with an additional mirror, one that
won't have so much Coke on it that you can't see yourself.
What's wrong with my mirror?
The manager suggested we give them two mirrors from now on,
Stephanie.
Oh, that makes sense.
I'll go back to my business.
I'm sorry.
No, Stephanie, I wasn't coming down on that.
Well, your attitude was a little bit,
I was talking about this later in the car at home.
Sight bar.
We'll talk about it later.
Please, Ryan, just do some Coke and fuck somebody.
It's such a typical night.
It's such a typical night at the 54.
It's shit like this goes down all the time.
Exactly.
I'm sorry to interrupt you on your date,
but I am a cocaine dealer, and I deal only in mirrorless Coke.
Like red Coke?
What does that mean?
And I just vanished into a puff of smoke.
And then where I was standing, there's just a mirror laying
on it.
Ryan, hey, Ryan, it's me, your reflection in the mirror.
This is too many make-em-up hijinks.
I can handle it.
I don't know why I'm going into this.
Ryan, hey, it's me, your reflection.
Why are you sitting on the sidelines?
You're all too funny with your improbability.
Ryan, it's just me, Ryan.
I can't get into this.
Just focus on your reflection.
Sir, Ryan, Mr. Ridley, would you like me to have this?
Would you like me to have this mirror removed?
Is this mirror bothering you?
Are you afraid to look in your own reflection, sir?
I'll have this mirror removed, if you like.
Hi.
You must be Ryan.
I like this.
This is when it gets good.
Yeah.
Hi.
Andromeda?
Yes.
Andromeda girl, we leave, and you
going to be OK to get home by yourself.
Yes, sir.
Thank you for bringing me here.
He looks OK to me.
OK.
Come on, Andy Warhol and James Brown.
Ryan, Ryan, Ryan, it's me.
It's me, your reflection.
I can sit.
I'm still here.
I'm not going until I at least finish this bit here.
Talk to her.
You look great.
Oh, thank you.
I know I'm not supposed to wear this type of clothing
after this date.
Just placeholder.
Someone will do a pass that understands fashion.
A paparazzo walks by the camera and says,
oh, oh, sorry, can I get a picture of Ryan Ridley
and female Ed 209 from Robocop?
Ryan, get close.
Get closer.
I was picturing Twinkie from Buck Rogers.
Twinkie.
Both of you guys are wrong.
Twinkie is blowing earth, wind, and fire right now.
So maybe there's someone else.
Hey, Ryan.
Ryan, this is your reflection.
I'm just going to go.
I'm just going to leave.
Goodbye.
Don't let your reflection leave.
Aren't you going to ask me to sit down?
Please sit, please.
Do you mind if I cross and uncloss my spandex covered legs?
I don't mind at all.
In fact, I don't want to say insist because that's gross.
But whatever makes you feel comfortable.
He's so down to earth.
Sorry.
I understand you.
He's so down to earth.
He's carrying Mick Jagger walks by.
He just walks out with him.
Tell me about yourself.
I mean, you know.
Everything.
You don't have to say what's to tell.
What's to tell?
What you see is what you get.
But you, how about you?
How was your drive?
It was wonderful.
It's such a good question.
Let it go, Brandon.
I love driving.
I loved this drive.
Oh, wait, am I?
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
Not that that matters.
I love driving and I came up Sunset and it was great.
How was your drive?
She took Sunset all the way to New York City.
That's what I was going to say.
It really broke the reality for me when he said that.
That's a long drive.
That's a commitment.
That really means she must care about it.
This is your fantasy?
This is what you want to happen.
Listen, man, Spencer, I just go with the flow, man.
You've got to learn to do that sometimes.
Studio 54 is in New York?
Yes.
I thought I was in L.A.
No, no.
It's not.
It's on 54th Street.
There's one of those in L.A.
I went, I went there as a kid because when I was like 10 or 11,
because I was in a show, and I looked back and like,
why did everybody keep putting their heads down on the table?
And I thought, oh, they're all like,
there's a weird thing that people kept doing that.
And that's what a disco nap is.
They were all just going down and snorting coke.
And that's also why everybody hated me,
because I was a 10-year-old in a fucking club.
Let's get back to the scene.
Well, maybe this...
Let's get back to the scene here.
Also, fucking Ben Vereen was there,
and he fucking treated me like a piece of shit.
I'm glad he got hit by that car.
You got a lot of issues.
Do you know how to get to Malibu?
You take PCH and make a right when you hit Ben Vereen.
All right.
As a black man, I'll allow it.
Yes.
I hope it's okay.
I brought Jeff Davis.
More than Marrior.
Hey, excuse me.
You want to dance?
No, Mark Wahlberg.
I don't.
Come on. Why don't you want to dance with me?
I think you're a wonderful man,
and I'm with Ryan Ridley on a date.
It doesn't seem like he's talking to you much.
I beg your pardon, but that's none of your business.
Okay, well, you know...
I'll dance with somebody else.
Hey, Spencer, do you want to dance with me?
I'm Jeremy Renner.
Hey.
You guys want some water?
You guys need some water?
Hey, I like that callback. Why don't you dance with me?
Jeremy Renner.
There's a very famous people in here.
There's a very anachronistic version of Club 54, too.
Why would you say that?
Because you're staring at Charles Courault?
Oh, shit.
Newsmen from the early 80s
who apparently no one remembers.
It's me, Charles Courault.
I dare you to Google who that is.
He actually turned out to be a polygamist, right?
You're exactly right.
I'm so...
horny?
No.
Okay, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's take it slow in Dramata.
Let's get to know each other.
I'm so interested in your...
drive over here.
Let's talk about your drive.
Are we already, Dick?
No, baby.
I would never say baby.
Are you a robot?
I am a robot.
Is that offensive?
Something like a phenomenon.
I don't want you to be anything in Dramata.
What are you?
I'm a robot.
Are you sure you're a robot?
I'm trying to feel you out.
This is your fantasy.
Do you want me to be a robot?
I think we're at a standoff.
It's last call.
It's 5.30 a.m.
It's last call, everybody.
You don't have to stay here.
I am a robot and I'm tired of being one.
Slice, stab, machine gun.
No feelings, no government.
This is my fantasy.
I'm really discovery clown.
I'm trendy Newton.
I can monopolize everything.
I can climb walls.
I am lowering my guilt index.
I can kick your head off.
I am a crazy, runaway job.
A sexy robot.
But I love Ryan Ridley.
You want to kill everybody.
Right there!
I must kill Ryan Ridley!
Yo! I must kill Ryan Ridley!
I'm not rapping, is it?
I gotta kill Ryan Ridley!
Okay, and then you come or...?
Okay, so romantic.
Yeah, it's so romantic.
Wait, you wanna kill that cook robot?
Man, if you don't get it, then...
He just said, he wants to...
Look, here's what I'm getting.
You wanna react to stuff.
You need like a...
You want like a...
Like a...
What do you call it?
What was it?
A Madonna?
When the griffin' done and the...
After hours?
No, no, the other thing.
Susan?
That's really seeking Susan.
No, but...
That was the...
You need...
Yeah, you want like a manic pixie fucking thing.
What?
No.
Grow up, dude.
I want a woman who's intelligent, strong,
has her shit together.
They're hidden figures.
No.
I know what I'm saying.
There's a...
I would love...
I would love to date a woman.
They're so strong that the shit that they had to put up with apparently...
Yeah.
Now, this is your kind of lady.
Absolutely.
A NASA...
NASA?
Mathematician.
Mmm, a nice piece of NASA.
Yeah, absolutely.
A nice piece of NASA.
Did you think that maybe you would find a more intelligent
and independent woman by seeking out women on this site?
Hey, listen.
You gotta cast a wide net, you know what I'm saying?
But this net seems sort of singular and elitist.
Just...
I'm just wondering.
You find love in the strangest places.
Right.
Okay.
Listen, if there's a riot for scientists, please let me know.
I'll sign up for that, too.
It's called going out in the world where scientists live.
You should have gone to the...
You should have gone to the March for Science downtown.
It was mostly smart women down there.
Every university has a coffee shop.
All right.
Is there a scientist in the audience?
I did think about that, actually.
I did think about that.
Trying to meet...
But that's a shitty reason to go March.
No, and you could volunteer for that.
Are you telling me I shouldn't go to church to meet women?
For scientific tests?
You could do like a sleep apnea test?
Something tells me...
You know, they're not just letting undergrads run those things.
There's some scientists in there.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
Scientists are watching you sleep.
You could volunteer.
I know.
I probably...
Or they're getting their PhD.
Do you want them to have PhDs?
That's not the most exciting area of expertise, frankly.
You're more like NASA...
Yeah, cosmic.
Like someone who worked on the Land Rover.
So you're angling for...
The Land Rover.
The Mars Rover.
A hot...
I'll take someone who works at Land Rover over here.
Oh, because I was going to say, yeah, the guy who worked on my Land Rover has got a daughter.
Yeah.
I can't believe they put a Land Rover on March.
That was amazing.
Because you think that the English car companies wouldn't be able to afford that.
Steve Levy!
Hey Steve, what do you think of the fact that everyone's making me a big joke up here, huh?
My pursuit of love is just a big joke to be mocked.
What do you think of that, Steve?
Is that about love in general or you?
No!
But everybody's making a big joke about my pursuit of love.
What do you think about that?
I mean, I'm sorry.
Steve!
Hey Steve!
Hey Rob.
Steve, do you date a lot?
Who's here?
No.
Why not?
That guy likes me.
Hey John Carman, everybody!
Who's...
Oh, sorry.
He's the Steve Levy of Justin Roiland.
I know, but it's...
Alright, John Carman, stand up here so they can see the joke.
We'll get to my question later.
I don't date to answer your question.
Hold on.
Now, since Steve Levy gave me such a dissatisfying answer, John Carman, what do you think about
all these jokers making a big old funny thing about my pursuit of love?
Use your own mic.
Look, Ryan, I'm in the same boat as you, so...
I was picturing myself in your position at Studio 54 and it was just, you know, I would've
done the same thing.
He doesn't seem like I got Levy and then Justin got Synthetic Levy.
That's what I always call it.
You didn't even learn my name.
That's all you called me at work.
Synthetic Levy.
Yeah.
But you hung in there.
You didn't go like, Synthetic Levy, I'm outta here.
You're like, okay, I guess that's my name.
He's Justin Roiland's assistant.
I'd say his skin is pretty thick and his brain is pretty...
Thick.
...bordified?
Careful.
You would not believe the shit you're seeing.
You're Justin Roiland's assistant?
I am.
Take us, like...
How much...
It's 10 o'clock.
I have to get up in the morning.
I have to go to a meeting.
What meeting am I supposed to go to?
What am I doing right now?
Somebody tell me what I'm supposed to do.
I need some kind of Rubik's snake to put together.
What am I doing?
Somebody tell me what I'm supposed to do.
You have a boy.
I'm a boy.
What am I supposed to do?
You have more information on those Nintendo sales.
What's going on?
I need more Nintendo products.
I need to VR this shit.
What the fuck is going...
what the fuck is going on with my life?
Which line are you standing in right now?
Are you st...
I photo the Nintendo.
Somebody walk...
all of my dogs.
Somebody needs to walk all of my 900 dogs.
Please, somebody walk my dogs.
Where are my dogs?
Dogs, somebody walk my dogs, my dogs need to be walking.
My walking dogs, why aren't you walking my dogs, Marty?
Word for word, I nearly had a stand in the overnight.
Who are you talking to?
Are you crazy?
Is there something wrong with you?
Are you fucking nuts right now?
Somebody help me, I'm dying.
All right, yeah.
All right, well.
Is it noon yet?
Can we order lunch?
That's it, that's it, that's it.
Justin loves lunch.
Rob, you have some weird PTSD about Justin Rayl.
Wait, this, like, Levy, just, here, let me,
I'm on a date with you.
Don't trust that motherfucker.
Oh shit, Dan's on a date with Steve Levy?
Oh my God, so fucking hot, do it, do it.
God, here we go.
I'm gonna jerk off so hard.
Dude, dude, dude, frosted edges.
I'm a friend of my race and I can't see my guns impossible.
Hi, are you Levy?
I am.
Or did you just get here?
He's all.
Just let it run.
Bam!
I'm sorry, I'm gonna shut up.
Please, please, I'm gonna shut up.
There's just too many.
Go ahead, please.
We love you, Rob.
Please go ahead, please, just start right now.
Just, just keep, continue with the scene.
I'm sorry.
Just let it go.
He's already well outperforming Ryan at this point.
Are you, are you, are you, are you Steve Levy?
Yeah.
I was told by Tumber to meet you here.
I'm, I'm in drama though.
I'm sorry, who, who?
Tumber, the app that we use.
Oh, right.
Their slogan is it's not a tumor.
Because it has a B in it.
It's a good start.
It's spreading.
It's something spreading.
Did you notice the sense of wonderment in his voice?
He acted, Ryan, I'm talking to you, motherfu-
I was up in my head.
You need to watch, because so far Steve
is off to a pretty good look.
Hi.
Hi, Andromeda.
But, so you, you tracked me down?
We didn't get connected?
Look at his establishment.
No, we, I don't want to say no, because that's bad improv,
but the idea is that we agreed to meet here.
Oh, we did.
Sorry.
He apologized.
I run like, I run like four calendars, including my own.
It's really, it's hard to keep up with everything.
Why is that her problem?
Listen, let me tell you upfront, if we're going to start dating,
I'm not going to have very much time for you.
Why are you, is your job important to you?
My job is, I'm a workaholic.
Well, maybe it's worth that.
Tell me more about what you do for a living,
and I could probably support it.
So I work in television.
And for the showrunner, writer, producer,
he's a really good guy.
Joss Whedon?
No.
No, no.
Who is it?
He's very, very, very generous.
Excuse me, hold on.
Sorry.
Hello.
Steve, I can't figure out what's,
trying to figure out how to get, how am I supposed,
I can't watch the Apple TV right now.
It's insane that you're calling me.
I know, but you.
It has to be really bad if you're calling me.
I can't get the Apple TV to work.
I want to watch this thing, and I don't know what the fuck is
going on here.
Will you please just, just fix it for me.
I'm going to email text and call them, don't worry.
Just fucking take care of it.
Someone will be there at the latest in the morning.
It's 11 o'clock at night.
I'll see if they can send somebody.
Can you get me something salty and sweet?
I know, I know it's, it's two different things,
but just fucking can't do it.
I left that bag of chocolate pretzels for exactly this
reason.
Can I just say that he never complained
that he's just letting you know if his TV
breaks at 11 at night, that's when you're
going to find out, motherfucker.
It doesn't mean you have to fix it at 11 at night,
but you sure as fuck going to know when it breaks.
That's not your problem.
You could not.
And you're on the nose.
She's in the nose.
Anyway, I just, I just admire you for supporting someone who
is a TV show runner, which means they probably paid their dues.
Yeah, yeah.
I think that's.
Excuse me, one second for a minute.
Hello?
Where the fuck is my assistant, god damn it?
I've been slept in three days.
I don't know.
Where's my assistant?
Oh, jeez.
Where's my fucking assistant?
He's not picking up my fucking phone.
Is that Justin Roiland's voice on your phone?
Yeah, the Justin Roiland is calling me.
He calls you?
Where's my fucking assistant?
I'm trying to find my fucking assistant.
Sister is fucking.
Excuse me, I have a call.
Hello?
Hi, this is Chevy Chase.
I was trying to get a hold of Dan Harmon's assistant.
Chevy Chase.
Chevy Chase is a Chevy Chase.
Hi, Fletch.
How you doing?
Chevy Chase, Fletch?
Hey, Fletch, Chevy Chase.
How you doing, Chevy Chase, Fletch?
I really enjoy your Fletch, Chevy Chase.
Are you Justin Roiland?
This is Justin Roiland, Fletch Chase.
You're Justin Roiland.
Yeah, you're not, you're not fat.
And you're a good rider.
Thank you very much, Chevy Chase.
I just called him to say you're not fat
and you're a great rider.
I'm a big fan.
I love your Fletch, Chase.
I love working with you.
It's a pleasure to know you.
And I want to call up to say, if you ever want to hang out
and watch Grudge or the Wings.
Yes, come over right now, Chevy Chase.
I'll come right over and watch it with you.
Chevy Chase.
I got to go.
I'm driving to your place.
Thank you, thank you.
I got to call Uber.
OK, great.
Holy shit, I just talked to Chevy Chase.
Holy shit.
I talked to Chevy Chase.
Did you hear any of that?
Yo, no.
That's insane.
Where the fuck is my assistant?
He's walking the dogs.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I'm sorry.
Who is this?
Why are you calling me?
Oh.
I am so sorry.
It's OK.
Like I said, your life is so exciting.
This is honestly just like every date I'm ever on.
It's because I'm always working.
I don't feel sorry for you at all.
I don't at all.
I think it's an amazing-sounding job.
I think you should be fucking thankful for every fucking
method.
Maybe then this could work out.
It depends.
I mean, if you're cool.
I mean, I just think the coolest thing about it
is that you take it in stride.
Because I imagine that the people that are calling you,
they must be special people.
I'm sorry.
Hold on.
One second, I'm so sorry.
Hello?
This is Apple TV.
We heard that there was a problem with your apple.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not my apple.
It's my boss's apple.
Oh.
What's the soonest you could be at his house to fix it?
Because his girlfriend's over and they're not getting-
Who's his girlfriend?
Excuse me, I've got a call.
Hello, this is Apple TV.
I must have got the lines crossed.
I was trying to call my son Steve Levy.
Oh.
Oh, he's on the phone.
Let me connect you two.
Connect?
Can you put his all through in a second?
OK, here we go.
Here we go.
Let me see if I do this for you.
Hello, Steve.
Stephen, I'm your father from England.
What?
I'm your father.
Yes, your father's not Jewish.
He's English.
Oh, man.
You can be Jewish and English, you know.
This is really sad to me because I
saw in your dating profile that your dad died when you were 17.
Yeah.
I'm calling for me right now.
Hello, Steve, this is a zombie hunter.
Is your dad calling or is he trying to get in touch with you?
Looks like you had a zombie problem with your dad if your dad is dead.
I've come back from the grave, Stephen.
I've come back from the grave.
Don't listen to him.
To give you a piece of advice, he wants your brain.
I've come back from the grave to eat your brains and give you
one piece of advice.
Don't work for Dan Hartley.
Hello, Steve.
Hello.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, hello.
Yeah, it's Steve.
It's Brandon.
Brandon.
Yeah, both my parents are dead.
They died when I was a kid.
So don't let anybody ever fuck with you about it.
Brandon, I'll take that.
Also, that makes me win.
Hello, Brandon.
Hello?
Brandon, this is your father.
Daddy.
I just lied to Steve.
Leave me about you.
I know you.
Don't, don't ever.
Steve.
Hello?
What the fuck is going on?
What is going on here?
I can't find my, I can't find anything here.
I've been up for four days.
I don't know what's going on.
What is that noise?
Somebody tell me what that noise is for God's sake.
Steve, this is dog the fake zombie hunter hunter.
Oh my God.
There's a zombie out there pretending to be a zombie hunter.
And my boss wonders why I'm so overwhelmed.
You're overwhelmed?
You should try hunting fake zombie hunters.
What are you, an assistant to a genius?
That sounds, that's a fucking cakewalk.
I dream of that job.
Noted.
It's worth an 11 PM text letting you know that the fucking
television doesn't work.
And here's why Steve.
Because poor people can turn on their televisions.
Poor people can turn on their televisions.
I've heard this.
That's true.
I've been going to Best Buy right now and for $600
have a device that turns on and off a TV.
It's fucked up for someone to pay $200,000 for a home
automation system so that they can wait for permission
to watch X-Files from some dips in in Malibu.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's emasculating.
I'm on his side.
You're as passionate as my boss.
You should meet that guy.
Steve, it's me.
There's no such thing as a fake zombie hunter.
It's me.
You got me again.
I'm sorry, Steve.
Hey, Dan, as long as you're on the phone, hey,
could you talk to me for a second?
Justin, don't finish editing episode 304.
It's the worst.
That's not true.
It's going to be the worst episode of Rick and
Jason.
It's OK.
There's two good ones before it.
I need to get this off my chest.
You're mean to me and you hurt my feelings about that picnic
thing that I did the other day.
When I was doing the picnic thing, you don't even remember.
No.
Steve, I'm sorry.
Why are you looking at me?
Justin, let's try to make season four as good as we can.
Andromeda, one second.
I'm so sorry that this is still going on.
One second.
This is Chevy Chase.
I'm still on the line.
Should I hang up?
I don't even know what's going on.
I'm so drunk on Box Wine.
Steve, listen.
Zombie hunters are real.
No one's going to tell you that's the truth.
So listen to any zombie hunters telling you the truth.
I love you so much.
I'm so happier in my life.
Do you know Chevy Chase?
You know Chevy Chase?
I don't.
I'm sorry.
But he's been on the phone.
I'm still here.
And Dan, is Dan still on the line?
This is Andromeda.
I'm just listening on speakerphone here.
Andromeda, hi.
Hi, Andromeda, are you sexy?
Chevy, this is Dan.
I'm listening.
But Dan, you are here.
Yeah.
Hi.
I just came out of my Zinfandel fueled haze.
Remember the time I told you that you were just OK?
Yeah.
I meant you were all right.
Thank you.
Just all right.
Hey, Andromeda?
Yes.
I'm going to listen to a podcast with Cody.
You have a great date with Steve.
All right, Dan.
And for the record?
Yes.
I'm glad you're not Joss Whedon.
Thank you.
Don't get her, Steve.
Thanks, Dan.
Or him or whatever.
It doesn't matter.
I advocate whatever it is that's going on
over the other end of that phone.
Goodbye.
Bye.
So, wow.
So that's what you do for a living.
That's a just tell people you're overwhelmed.
That's 15 minutes in the life of Levy.
You do that on the weekends, too?
On the, yeah.
And that's just a tip of the iceberg.
Yeah.
Well, I work at fucking Staples.
Tell me about it.
So, from my perspective, it's called privilege.
Yeah.
Go finger.
And if I get pregnant, I don't work at Staples anymore.
And if I have a baby, I can't work at Staples
until the baby's old enough to work at Staples, in which case
he'll get paid more than me.
So, smallest violin.
But I'm sorry.
I'm a combative young lady that's your age
that I think would be good for you.
Thank you.
Do you?
I love it.
What do you think about no wrong answers,
like the involvement of the butthole?
Like, if I'm blowing you pinky, tickle the rim, no involvement?
Answer carefully.
Honestly, I've never tried it, but I've
suggested it to other people.
Good answer.
It's a dangerous game.
It's the most dangerous game.
You're like the vampiric dot of butt play.
It's also the plot of the ring three.
Yeah.
All right.
It's almost worth interrupting to say,
what do you mean you've suggested it to other people?
What?
Like, the people that you're a wist or a wist?
No, I mean, it was about him, wasn't it?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You ever suggested this to people?
Personally, I have no butthole experience.
Let's see it.
But it was, we changed that tonight, huh?
How many people?
Butthole experience.
All right.
Well, what have we learned over six years?
Use the right pronouns.
Trump will never get elected.
Third parties, the way to go, we're evolving.
TV's getting better and better.
Jesus, Annie, happiness will win out in the end.
A 10-day waiting period is more than enough for a gun.
I still haven't picked mine up yet.
But also, unfortunately, that applies to watching Atlanta
and Get Out, which I still haven't done.
You tried getting out and going and buying tickets to shit
when your knee hurts.
You don't have to buy tickets to Atlanta, it's a TV show.
You're going out and doing stuff because your apartment's
hot, because you're poor.
What's your over 40?
You're going to want to hang out.
Are you allowed to get a gun to see movies about black people?
Oh, come on.
I'm so glad there was not a mic on him for that.
Anyways, well, here's where we were born.
Here's not where we're dying, but Harmontown
is moving out from its parents' basement.
But we're taking you with us.
Under your seat is a glass of Kool-Aid and a tablet.
We're moving into our beating curtain attic with Jan.
And we're going to learn what speakers actually cost.
And all the other things that happen in your 20s,
which in podcast years, Harmontown
is interested in its mid-20s.
We're leveling up.
The show's only going to get better.
Justin's wearing white now.
We got two Leaves.
One's made of straw.
It's just a Leaves-shaped scarecrow.
And then he's going to wear a suit the entire time,
and I'm going to wear lumberjack shirts and shorts.
Oh, yeah.
That's a, oh, yeah.
But we're going to renew, probably,
let's get to the moon when we go to the place.
But we'll have a good show.
But we've got to get out of here because we're giving up
because we do believe that people are stupid.
But we're going to continue to care about them and love them.
But we know that they're stupid.
We just don't expect any more of them.
The planet's going to be eaten alive by dumb people.
You know, Dan, we only have a couple minutes left.
Why don't we just wrap it out in good fashion?
Our last rap on this stage.
Yeah.
Oh, thanks, John Carmen.
Thanks, John Carmen.
John Carmen, everybody.
Here we go.
Thanks for coming, Mitch.
Thanks for it.
Thank you.
Thanks for having me.
Feel free to jump in on this rap if you want.
Oh, no, I'm not going to do it all.
I don't feel free to do it.
All right, everybody.
Give it up for your mayor, Dan Armin.
Oh!
You got it, Armin.
Let's go.
Final rap on the meltdown stage.
Only you can fucking do this.
No, I think this whole rap has to be Mitch Hurwitz only.
I think it has to be Mitch.
You know, I don't know a lot about the Founding Fathers,
so my rap isn't great.
Oh!
You know, that bitch is crazy.
It was Ben Franklin.
I know that.
I don't know how to rap.
Rap!
I'll do some rap.
It's a rap.
Rap!
I don't know what it is.
Rap.
It's a game you play.
With your mouth.
At the end of the day, you just move your lips.
And the words come out.
Teeth go up, and your lips go south.
You got to say what you're on your mind.
Then you say what you can find in your soul.
When you look down deep, I fucked your mama so hard,
she turned into a sheep.
Oh.
And then she counted herself going up and down
up to the upper shelf.
I got her pussy up high.
I got her pussy down low.
I got her pussy in the middle.
And away we go.
Yo, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan.
How many mamas do you think you fucked so far?
5,000.
Mother fucker.
Round number.
Thanks for asking.
I'll tell you about every single one of them.
Oh.
Mother number one.
I fucked to the son.
Mother number two.
I fucked with some goo.
Mother number three.
I fucked it instead of peeing.
And so no mother number four.
I made my penis kind of sore.
Mother number five.
I brought my dick back alive.
Mother number six.
I fucked with some sticks.
It was gross.
But she asked for it.
It was consensual.
And that's all I'm going to say about it.
Mother number seven.
The only thing that's going to rhyme is heaven.
You already know that.
So that's where I fucked her.
Mother number eight.
Who knows?
Wait.
Oh.
Mother number nine.
Whoa.
That mother was fine.
She was so fine.
I never fucked her again.
But then you long came mother 10.
Mother 11 was a lot like mother seven.
Mother number 12 into what I won't
dwell because privacy was her main thing.
Along with lack of rhyming.
Mother number 13.
Was it Jelly Bean?
I'm going to fucking to fucking to fucking
to fuck on another fucking piece.
That's not don't applaud that.
Don't applaud that.
That's not.
mother 14 and then there's a bunch of mothers that would only rhyme with
We have 4,989 to go
Mother 4,900 wasn't so good and my dick got all scrundled
I made up words because by that time I was ready to fuck birds and I fucked your mama's till I could fly
I put some wings on my dick and went up so high went up to heaven said hi to mother number seven
and came down and fucked mother again
but here's what I learned from fucking all those mothers
there's no other like a mother
you can't even fuck a brother and have it be as good as a mother
but that's not a homophobic statement
because if you're gay then your brother can be a mother
but that's not saying gay people are incestuous
I should probably get out of this area
one of the things we learned at this space is that there takes a lot of people to make a human race
there's people that are born one way and say hey I'm gonna be another way
and why would you bother to say hey why are you gonna be that way
that doesn't make any sense there's a lot of better ways to spend your energy
and if you're lazy you're actually progressive because you're like who gives a shit
and a lot of people are like thank you
it's when we care that we really end up fucking everything up
especially when we care about ourselves
you should always thank you ma'am
not to call you ma'am you can be anything you want
that's what we learned the most
six years go by like a flash of the pan
I fucked your mama till my name was Dan
I fucked your mama all over the land
I fucked it from the horizon to the frying pan
and we went I put a piece of butter on it
okay alright
oh shit
17 years
let's hear from Steve
Steve Levy
Ryan Ridley
Mitch Erwitz
Brandon Johnson
Rob Schwab
I've been Jeff Davis
Spencer?
Spencer Crittenden
also everybody that works here
backstage Kris Boruff
Sarah Hill
Kevin Day
Zac McKeever
we're at all the fucking beats down
also
Harry Foster from playing the beats that we're just doing right now
Dave Kline
Adam Goldberg
everybody that we love here all of our beautiful friends
church making all the photos happen online
church church church
hell yeah
drive fast as you can to Burbank and take as many chances as you possibly can
we love you
Rob Darcy no joke
Holiday Inn
also thank you Greg for bringing me fantastic Scotch
Greg Reviver
whoever brought me these beautiful cusslings
I love you for that
the Burnett Brocker
the lovely cards all the artwork he brought us
it will never be the same without a Nerdmelt
but please join us at Burbank
we'll make it extra good
also Ryan Ridley we wish you well
on your dating journey
thank you
we love you Ridley you'll get it
did you get any of that
it's a good show
Feral Audio